Remove CNI alpha warning (#24026)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins.md

<!-- overview -->

Network plugins in Kubernetes come in a few flavors:

> * CNI plugins: adhere to the appc/CNI specification, designed for interoperability.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
* CNI plugins: adhere to the [Container Network Interface](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni) (CNI)
   specification.
   * Kubernetes follows v0.4.0 of the CNI specification.
```

Reviewer: _optionally_, link to https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md  ?

Author: SGTM 👍 Thanks!
